# CS-360

Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address? The goal of this app is to have an inventory resource where the user can store items and the price of their item. It could be used for a small business company. 
What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful? The app has UI functionality user-friendly, easy to learn that any user can get it and use the app without experience.
How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future? I've used best practice of coding such as comments to keep my code organized and easy to read. 
How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal? Testing is the most crucial test in a mobile application process because without testing, we can't really tell if the app is functioning the way it is supposed to. To help with testing, I tested the app as a user with the emulator to make sure that everything works. 
Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge? The challenge part was to use different layout files to have multiple screens but I overcame this by using Android Developers site to help with this. 
In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience? Designing UI for the app was the most interesting step in the mobile application. I like to build something and see if it works or not and using SPLIT mode to code my UI was fun. 
